README.md, before:


![Foodexplorer v1 - a command line tool in ruby logo](https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer/blob/master/foodexplorerv1.svg)

## Welcome to Foodexplorer v1.7! 

This tool is a playful interface to find out about random foods, collected in your very own forgotten cabinets. Future iterations aim to add features such as custom products, custom cabinets, product lookup, meal logging, and macronutrient ratio calculations for the user.

## Installation

Eventually, **foodexplorer** will be a fully-fledged Ruby gem. At the moment, installation of the project can be performed with the following steps:
1. Navigate to the repo on GitHub at https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer
2. Click the green Clone or Download button and copy the remote URL
3. Type `git clone` then paste the copied URL into your terminal
4. Change directory using `cd foodexplorer` in the terminal to open the Foodexplorer directory
5. Install dependencies with `bundle install`

## Usage

To run Foodexplorer in your CLI:
1. Change into the bin directory with `cd bin`
2. Type `ruby start` into your terminal!

From there, you can explore the kitchen of your dreams, full of a random assortment of your (possibly) favorite food items! Complete with photos, macronutrient information, and a helpful follow-up link to learn more.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment. 

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer. Check out the Issues section for ways you could contribute to new features! This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) code of conduct.

## License

The project is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Foodexplorer codebase, issue trackers, and chat is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Included repl.it instructions in README

README.md, after:


![Foodexplorer v1 - a command line tool in ruby logo](https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer/blob/master/foodexplorerv1.svg)

## Welcome to Foodexplorer v1.7! [![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/twwright/foodexplorer)](https://repl.it/@twwright/foodexplorer)

This tool is a playful interface to find out about random foods, collected in your very own forgotten cabinets. Future iterations aim to add features such as custom products, custom cabinets, product lookup, meal logging, and macronutrient ratio calculations for the user.

## Installation

The quickest way to get started is to [open it on Repl.it](https://repl.it/@twwright/foodexplorer)! Because repl.it uses a modified fork which may be several commits behind `master` it is considered a *beta* implementation. Repl.it-specific modifications include: using `bundler/inline` to route gem dependencies, a different `gemfile` and `gemfile.lock`, as well as a `.replit` file to specify what happens when you hit the `Run` button!

Eventually, **foodexplorer** will be a fully-fledged Ruby gem. At the moment, installation of the project can be performed locally with the following steps:
1. Navigate to the repo on GitHub at https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer
2. Click the green Clone or Download button and copy the remote URL
3. Type `git clone` then paste the copied URL into your terminal
4. Change directory using `cd foodexplorer` in the terminal to open the Foodexplorer directory
5. Install dependencies with `bundle install`

## Usage

To run Foodexplorer in your CLI:
1. Change into the bin directory with `cd bin`
2. Type `ruby start` into your terminal!

From there, you can explore the kitchen of your dreams, full of a random assortment of your (possibly) favorite food items! Complete with photos, macronutrient information, and a helpful follow-up link to learn more.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment. 

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer. Check out the Issues section for ways you could contribute to new features! This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) code of conduct.

## License

The project is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Foodexplorer codebase, issue trackers, and chat is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/twwright/foodexplorer/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
